[GEOS-10580] Status page improvements for status, modules and docs (#6041)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/status.rst

   * - Option
     - Description
   * - Data directory
     - Shows the path to the GeoServer data directory (``GEOSERVER_DATA_DIR`` property).
   * - Locks
     - A WFS has the ability to lock features to prevent more than one person from updating the feature at one time.  If data is locked, edits can be performed by a single WFS editor. When the edits are posted, the locks are released and features can be edited by other WFS editors. A zero in the locks field means all locks are released. If locks is non-zero then a client has reserved some content for editing.
       

>        Press :guilabel:`Free locks` to release all feature locks currently help by the server, and updates the field value to zero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Press :guilabel:`Free locks` to release all feature locks currently held by the server and update the field value to zero. 
```

       
   * - Connections
     - Refers to the numbers of stores GeoServer is connected to, in the above case 9, that are enabled and available.
   * - Memory Usage

>      - The amount of memory current used by GeoServer. In the above example, 174 MB of memory used out of a total of 3.56 GB available to Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The amount of memory currently used by GeoServer. In the above example, 174 MB of memory used out of a total of 3.56 GB available to Java.
```

       
       Press :guilabel:`Free Memory` to recycle unused memory by running the garbage collector.
   * - JVM Version

>      - Denotes which version of the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is been used to power the server. Here the JVM is AdoptOpenJDK 1.8.0_282.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Denotes which version of the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is being used to power the server. Here the JVM is AdoptOpenJDK 1.8.0_282.
```

   * - Java Rendering Engine
     - Shows the rendering engine used for vector operations.
   * - Available Fonts
     - Shows the number of fonts available. Selecting the link will show the full list.
   * - Native JAI
     - GeoServer uses `Java Advanced Imaging <https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/java-archive-downloads-java-client-downloads.html>`__ (JAI) framework for image rendering and coverage manipulation. When installed (true) native operations are available for image processing in a Java 8 environment.
     
       We recommend the use of JAI-EXT operations for greater stability. 

   * - Native JAI ImageIO
     - GeoServer uses `JAI Image IO <https://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/technotes/guides/imageio/>`__ (JAI) framework for raster data loading and image encoding. When installed (true) native encoders are available for WCS and WMS output in a Java 8 environment.
     
       We recommend use of libjpeg-turbo for those interested in increasing encoding performance.
       
   * - JAI Maximum Memory

>      - The amount of memory available for image processing tile cache, in this case 1.78 GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The amount of memory available for the image processing tile cache, in this case 1.78 GB.
```

   * - JAI Memory Usage
     - Run-time amount of memory is used for the tile cache.
       

>        Press :guilabel:`Free Memory`" to clear available JAI memory by running the tile cache flushing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Press :guilabel:`Free Memory`" to clear available JAI memory by flushing the tile cache.
```

     - Refers to the percentage, e.g. 75, of cache memory to retain during tile removal.
   * - Number of JAI Tile Threads
     - The number of parallel threads used by the scheduler to handle tiles.
   * - JAI Tile Thread Priority
     - Schedules the global tile scheduler priority. The priority value defaults to 5, and must fall between 1 and 10.
   * - Thread Pool Core Pool Size
     - Number of threads that the ThreadPoolExecutor will create. This is underlying Java runtime functionality - see the Java documentation for ThreadPoolExecutor for more information.
   * - Thread Pool Max Pool Size
     - Maximum number of threads that the ThreadPoolExecutor will create. This is underlying Java runtime functionality - see the Java documentation for ThreadPoolExecutor for more information.
   * - Thread Pool Keep Alive Time
     - Timeout for threads to be terminated if they are idle and more than the core pool number exist. This is underlying Java runtime functionality - see the Java documentation for ThreadPoolExecutor for more information.
   * - Update Sequence
     - Refers to the number of times, e.g. 157, the server configuration has been modified.
   * - Resource cache

>      - GeoServer does not cache data, but it does cache connection to stores, feature type definitions, external graphics, font definitions and CRS definitions as well. Including custom CRS definitions defined in data directory :file:`user_projections/epsg.properties`.

Reviewer: Should this be "...does not just cache data..."? The second part of this should be better connected to the first part too.

Author: Removed the first part.

>      - GeoServer does not cache data, but it does cache connection to stores, feature type definitions, external graphics, font definitions and CRS definitions as well. Including custom CRS definitions defined in data directory :file:`user_projections/epsg.properties`.

Author: ```suggestion
     - GeoServer maintains a resource cache with connections to stores, feature type definitions, external graphics, font definitions, and CRS definitions. This includes custom CRS definitions defined in data directory :file:`user_projections/epsg.properties`.
```

>        Press :guilabel:`Clear` to force these caches empty and makes GeoServer reopen the stores and re-read image and font information, as well as the custom CRS definitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Press :guilabel:`Clear` to empty these caches and have GeoServer reopen the stores to re-read image and font information, as well as the custom CRS definitions. 
```

Author: Thanks, decided to break this into two sentences.

>        Press :guilabel:`Clear` to force these caches empty and makes GeoServer reopen the stores and re-read image and font information, as well as the custom CRS definitions. 

Author: ```suggestion
       Press :guilabel:`Clear` to empty the resource cache. This will force GeoServer to reconnect to stores, reconnect to databases, re-read icon and font information, and reload custom CRS definitions. 
```

   * - Configuration and catalog

>      - GeoServer keeps in memory all of its configuration data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - GeoServer keeps its configuration data in memory.
```

   :header-rows: 1
   
   * - Module Name
     - Human readable name of the module, this links to a popup containing the full details and messages of the module
   * - Module ID
     - The internal package name of the module
   * - Available
     - Whether the module is available to GeoServer.
       
       A database extension requiring a third-party database driver to be installed would not be available for use.
   * - Enabled
     - Whether the module is enabled in the current GeoServer configuration
   * - Component
     - Functional component provided by the module.
   * - Version
     - The version of the installed module
   * - Message (popup)
     - Status message such as what Java rendering engine is in use, or the library path if the module/driver is unavailable

.. figure:: img/module_popup.png
   :scale: 50%
   
   Module Status popup

.. _config_serverstatus_system:

System Status
-------------

> The :guilabel:`System Status` tab provides extra information about the system environment geoServer is running in.  This info should allow an administrator to get a quick understanding about the status of the GeoServer instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`System Status` tab provides extra information about the system environment GeoServer is running in.  This provides an overview of the status of the GeoServer instance. 
```

.. figure:: img/system_status.png
   
   System status

> This information is also available via the REST API to troubleshoot remote systems. The library `OSHI <https://github.com/oshi/oshi/>`__ is used to retrieving system-level information without depending on native libraries or DLLs, relying solely on `Apache JNA <https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/>`_. Major operating systems (Linux, Windows and MacOX) are supported out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is also available via the REST API to troubleshoot remote systems. The library `OSHI <https://github.com/oshi/oshi/>`__ is used to retrieve system-level information without depending on native libraries or DLLs, relying solely on `Apache JNA <https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/>`_. Major operating systems (Linux, Windows and MacOS) are supported out of the box.
```

If some information is not available the special term ``NOT AVAILABLE`` will appear. Values will be automatically converted to best human readable unit. 

.. _config_serverstatus_jvm:

JVM Console
-----------

For information on the live Java Runtime Environment the :guilabel:`JVM Console` tab provides access to two useful troubleshooting tools.

> Press :guilabel:`Thread Dump` for a summary of all active threads. This is primarily used to troubleshoot performance issues and a non-responsive system. This can be used to identify when significant works is happening in the background, or if threads are stuck waiting on a resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Press :guilabel:`Thread Dump` for a summary of all active threads. This is primarily used to troubleshoot performance issues and a non-responsive system. This can be used to identify when significant work is happening in the background, or if threads are stuck waiting on a resource.
```

.. figure:: img/thread_dump.png
   
   Thread Dump console output
   
   

> Press :guilabel:`Heao Dump` for an overview of memory use. This can be used to troubleshoot systems that are encountering a memory leak over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Press :guilabel:`Heap Dump` for an overview of memory use. This can be used to troubleshoot systems that are encountering a memory leak over time.
```
